Welcome to Giggity!

The purpose for Giggity is to help musician's find gigs and network with other music minded people.

When you visit Giggity, you will be greeted with a home page, giving first-time users the ability to sign up, and returning users
the ability to login. After logging into the site, You will greeted by the Giggity dashboard.

In the dashboard, you will see the latest gigs that have been posted by users, as well as a form to post your own gigs should you have any.
You have the option of posting 3 separate types of gigs, all with different purposes. "Gig" gigs are the bread an butter of the app. These are performance opportunities, whether it be a
band looking for a new drummer, or a couple looking to hirea funk group to play at their wedding. "Teaching" gigs are intended
to find available teaching work for musicians. "Shows" gigs are for musicians promoting their upcoming show, allowing users who are simply looking for some entertainment to see who's performing where.

If a user sees a gig that interestes them, they have the option of clicking on the title of the gig, which will lead them to the details of the gig. Let's say a guitarist posts a gig needing a singer for
an upcoming gig, but realized they entered in the wrong date for the gig, or the venue owner double booked them that night. No problem. The 'delete' and 'edit' options allow the user to control the status of their gig.

A new feature of Giggity is the ability to add a user profile. If a user is signing in for the first time, they can simply click on the "profile" link and update their info.

Welcome to giggity and happy gigging!

Get Giggity here: https://giggity-app.herokuapp.com/
